Fix/2139 jest snapshots (#2233)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/two-laws-provide.md

> ---
> '@emotion/jest': patch
> ---
> 
> Fix issue creating enzyme snapshots for components using an array as the css prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@emotion/jest': minor
---

Fixed an issue with Enzyme snapshots for components using an array as the `css` prop - those should be printed OK now.
```
